Add "mixin class" to the "base-interface-final" proposal. (#2674)
dart-lang/language: working/base-interface-final/feature-specification.md

they declare but a lint can be turned on for users who want to be reminded if
they re-add a capability in a subtype.

## Mixin classes

> Inline with Dart's permissive default nature, Dart allows any class declaration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In line with Dart's permissive default nature, Dart allows any class declaration
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed locally.

to also be used as a mixin (in spec parlance, it allows a mixin to be "derived
from a class declaration"), provided the class meets the restrictions that

> mixins require: it must extend `Object` and not define any generative

Reviewer 2: "it must extend `Object`" -> "Its immediate superclass must be `Object`"

(The word "extend" is sometimes used transitively, and if taken so every non-`Null` class extends `Object`. The word "superclass" usually isn't transitive. I added "immediate" just to be sure, but I don't think it's technically necessary.)

Also: define -> declare

(Might be O., @eernstg, do we use "define" interchangeably with "declare"? 
I fear that "define" might include implicit members, which would include the default constructor, which is the one constructor a mixin class is allowed to have. With `declare`, we're safer, because you definitely don't declare the default constructor. But we might want to reevaluate phrasing if we introduce default constructor syntax - is it a declaration or not? But that's a future-me's problem.)

Author: Done.

constructors.

In practice, mixins are quite different from classes and it's uncommon for users
to deliberately define a type that is used as both. It's easy to define a class
without *intending* it to be used as a mixin and then accidentally forbid that
usage by adding a generative constructor or superclass to the class. That is a
breaking change to any downstream user that had that class in a `with` clause.

Eventually, we would like classes to not be usable as a mixin by default. Being
extensible and implementable seems to be the right default for classes based on

> Dart's history and talking to users. But being miscible by default is rarely

Reviewer 2: "Miscible". TIL. Great word. 
Wouldn't know what it meant without context (and basically knowing what we're trying to say here before reading it), so maybe just use "usable as a mixin".

Author: Sometimes I write these things just to delight myself. I'll reword it. :)

(but not *never*) useful and often confusing. It makes classes brittle for
little upside.

> Instead, we under this proposal authors to explicitly opt in to allowing the

Reviewer 2: At least one word missing here.

Author: I accidentally a word.

> Instead, we under this proposal authors to explicitly opt in to allowing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, under this proposal authors can explicitly opt in to allowing the
```

Author: Fixed this locally too.

class to be used as a mixin by adding a `mixin` modifier to the class:

```dart
class OnlyClass {}

class FailUseAsMixin extends OtherSuperclass with OnlyClass {} // Error.

mixin class Both {}

class UsesAsSuperclass extends Both {}

class UsesAsMixin extends OtherSuperclass with Both {} // OK.
```

This change is guarded by a language version. Any class declaration in a library
whose language version is before the one this feature ships in can be used as a
mixin as long as the class meets the mixin restrictions. Libraries whose version

> is later than that must be explicitly marked `mixin class` to allow the class to

Reviewer 2: As phrased, it's the libraries which are marked `mixin class`.

Author: Oops, fixed.

    `final`.
*   `base`, `interface`, and `final` all control the same two capabilities so
    are mutually exclusive.

> *   `mixin` as a modifier can obviously only be applied to a class.

Reviewer 2: Maybe say: It can be combined with any of the other modifiers.

Author: Done.

    _own_ interface that could then be implemented without inheriting the
    concrete implementation from the supertype.*

*   Mix in a class not marked `mixin` outside of the library where it is
    defined, unless the class declaration is in a library whose language version
    is older than the version this feature ships in.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add

  * Mix in a class with a superclass other than `Object`, or which declares a generative constructor.

(which only applies to mixin applications of a non-`mixin` `class` inside the same library. Or do we consider that covered by the existing spec.)

Author: Added a parenthetical to clarify.

*   Apply the `mixin` modifier to a class whose superclass is not `Object` or

>     that defines a generative constructor. *The `mixin` modifier states that

Reviewer 2: defines -> declares

Author: Done.
